feat(notification-sendgrid): include ability to handle attachments (#8729)
medusajs/medusa: www/apps/resources/app/architectural-modules/notification/sendgrid/page.mdx

- By specifying the `email` channel, the SendGrid Notification Module Provider is used to send the notification.
- The `template` property of the `create` method's parameter specifies the ID of the template defined in SendGrid.
- The `data` property allows you to pass data to the template in SendGrid.
- The `attachments` optional property allows you to pass attachments to the template in SendGrid.

> - The `from` optional property allows you to pass a single sender verified email, default is `SENDGRID_FROM` env variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `from` optional property allows you to pass a single sender-verified email. If not provided, the value of the `from` configuration of the module is used.
```
